---
layout: default
img: dogg.png
category: Services
title: President of DBEc Marcela Alcantar hosts meeting with Director of U.S. Office of Personnel Management, Katherine Archuleta
description: |
---
President Obama appointed Katherine Archuleta as the Director of OPM. This is the federal agency responsible for attracting and retaining an innovative, diverse and talented workforce to make the federal government a model employer. Archuleta’s vision and programs can potentially help thousands of Hispanics/Latinos enter the U.S. federal workforce at various capacities.

Director Archuleta, accompanied by her staff, shared her REDI road map vision with DBEc member, partners, friends and other non-profit organization that share the same vision. After an amazing REDI discussion forum. We can strongly agree that all of us left feeling that the OPM director left us with an opened a direct line of communication with her office in Washington D.C.

You may agree that we were left with in an amazing and unique opportunity to help Director Archuleta with the implementation of her REDI plan. DBEc proposes to continue working together to achieve diversity and inclusion while leveling the playing field as defined in the Director’s Archuleta Road map.

I strongly believe that working together is the best answer. It is proposed that the next step necessary to achieve the maximum outcome is to form a LULAC council that is formed of all interested parties in achieving their respective non profit shared mission via the REDI plan.
